hey I've been so busy lately just
dancing a bunch because I've got a few
performances and going to some of these
different shows and stuff like that so
but I wanted to update you I discovered
something about where you going I
discovered something about the medicine
I was giving Andiamo
so I've been giving him Sami for his
liver and it's it's been a lifesaver
however sometimes I would think like
it's just not working well I started
noticing it sometimes he would vomit up
or I would notice it like in fecal
matter um I I was finding like these
little yellow balls I was like what is
that you know okay once you see it okay
weird but you don't know what it is but
when you see it more than once you know
you start thinking like that's gotta be
something so I kind of here comes me
high so I kind of came to the conclusion
that well maybe that's his the medicine
so I put one in a glass of water
overnight and she weren't enough it
turned into a ball and I was thinking
you know it's not letting any of the the
white powder of the medicine that's
inside so I letting any of that out
because the casing is so thick you know
so what I started doing was scraping off
the casing like in four different spots
on the pill and it is it has literally
been a miracle he's like come back to
life he's he's like his normal self he's
eating and eating
I mean he's he ate more yesterday than
he's eaten in maybe a year and a half so
he's eating and he's barking again and
even sometimes like growling at birds
that might hop too close for whatever so
um I mean that's just absolutely amazing
I mean I so many times I just thought he
was so sick I thought it you know I was
gonna lose him but um he's doing really
good and swimming maybe that's exciting
I wanted to share with you guys and the
other thing I want to share a dealings
so excited about is now that I've kind
of got my plate clearing off and I've
got a little bit more time I'm gonna
start my kitchen renovations I'm so
excited about so um so you stay tuned
for that and I think what I'm gonna do
with this one that I didn't do with the
floor I know some people were very
anxious to see the floor but I wasn't
ready you know it was taking me a while
to lay it all down and I didn't want to
show pieces here and there so I think
what I will do for these renovations is
I'm gonna do I'm going to paint the
walls and I'm going to remove the
countertop laminate and then put in
special countertop which you will see
and and I'm also going to replace the
faucet so what I will do is in those
steps I'm going to post more regularly
so you get to see a little bit as time
goes on without me telling you now and
then waiting you know who knows like
three months or something before the
final video comes out so you can look
forward to that and anyway in the
meantime stay tuned I'm gonna be at
Comic Con like I've said before dance
singing that's coming up and I'm just
practicing practicing practicing so
tired from dancing so much but uh yeah
so anyway that's what you can expect and
I will see you soon one more thing
before I close this out so I'm out on a
walk with Andiamo right now and there's
something that's totally satisfying and
I just want to share with you it's so
cool
check this out
the little pleasures in life
see ya
you